Well, I'm doing this prayer video
live because I was going to make a
video already today for
tomorrow. But after I got all
the emails for the earthquake that just
took place off the coast of Russia,
I felt led to pray over people's
protection because of the tsunami
warnings that they're having. And so, I
want everybody to come together, and
we're just going to take authority and
pray over the coastlines of
Hawaii, Japan, the West Coast of
the United States of America, and parts
of Alaska because, you know, we have power
and authority over all this stuff,
folks. And so, we'll put our
angels out there watching over these
people. We're the salt and we're the
light, and that's what our job is.
And when God gives us these
harbingers, these warnings
through prayer telling us that they
were coming... How many weeks ago? He
said, "A major one is about to take
place."And
it did, just like the Lord
told us. But it's not the
one—I've
seen that one up there, and then I
see the one on the Oregon coastline, and
it will be very devastating from what I
have seen. So, we take authority and
pray over the people of Oregon and over
Washington because it's the Ring of
Fire. And this is the pressure that I
warned you all about that's coming,
a shaking in the atmosphere,
a
shaking in the soil. And the Lord told
me, He said, "Great pressure will come
on the soil in the days
ahead."And
then there's other
articles that are being sent to us about
the asteroids saying, "Hey, it's going
to hit the moon."Now, I thought
that was kind of interesting because of
what the Lord was telling me about the
tides. He said, "The tides will change.
There'll be unusual tides. They'll come
further in than ever before."And He
said, "And they'll go out further than
they ever have before."He said, "Watch
the tides,"if you all remember. And so,
these are the things that I've been
praying over.
And over Italy—unusual tides in
Italy, over... was it Venice? Yeah,
that's what the Lord was talking to me
about. And so, those are the
things that I've been praying over. But
I can tell you what's happened in
the last couple of days with me.
But maybe we'll just go straight into
prayer today on this video. I was
going to talk about some things the Lord
had for you; I guess I can go over that.
He was talking about being obedient and listening
to
his still small voice, and
that it wouldn't have to be, you
know, like with body language
and how you can sense
whenever your spouse is upset about
something. They don't have to use words.
But following the voice of God so strong,
following
that inward peace,
so
that He doesn't have to
speak
when you're mature
and you've been around somebody a long
time. They don't have to say something.
A lot of times, you already know what
they're feeling just by how they're
acting, right? And your wife,
you know, you're sitting next to
your wife in the car or something, and
you know if there's something
bothering her or not just because of
her
mannerisms, right? And so, that was
what the Lord was talking to
me about—listening to the
mannerisms, listening to Him.
He doesn't
have to... If He's not saying something,
follow that peace that passes
all understanding. There's many of you...
There's so much confusion,
and that's why I see the
emails. My wife tells me, she says, "Brandon,
people are thinking they're hearing the
Lord, Brandon, and they're not. They're
not. There are familiar spirits that
are messing with these
people."And
that's why I made the video today
going back to the ABCs of Christianity:
reading your Bible, praying, going
to church, volunteering, doing the
things that you've got to do. Do the ABCs,
but don't just go around hearing
voices. That's what I was talking about.
There's a lot of people just hearing
voices. They're, you know, "I
hear this voice and I followed it and I
did this,"and I'm thinking, "Well, don't
do that."You've got to test the spirits and you've got to
pray in the spirit,
or pray in English, whatever you know
how to do. Pray, worship, get into
worship. And I have this for
you: I was hurting really bad in my hip. I
hadn't made a video because I don't
know what I did, but it was so bad I
couldn't even get out of my chair. I was
under attack, and it was hurting
so bad I couldn't move. And so, I laid
down and I couldn't even turn over
in
bed. It was the most
excruciating pain I've ever had.
And I told my wife, I said, "I might
have to have you take me to the
hospital because that's how bad this
is."And
all of a sudden, I started praying.
And I was praying and praying and
praying and praying. I said, "Lord, I
thank you that I'm healed,"and all this
stuff. He said, "Stop praying and start
worshiping.
Start worshiping me."So, I just
started singing songs,
started worshiping the Father in here,
and the glory of the Lord started to
come. I could feel it. And in His
presence, there's fullness of joy;
there's fullness of peace. And I was
still feeling that pain, and He said,
"Move your leg."I said, "Move my leg? I'm in pain! I don't
want to move my leg."He
said, "Move your leg."Okay, so
I moved
my leg, and
I lifted
my leg.
And all of a sudden, out of that little
bit of obedience, the pain subsided a
little bit.
He said, "Sing."So, I started
singing, and I moved my leg. He
said, "Stop moving your leg. Tell Diana
to sing."So, she started singing,
started worshiping, and all of a sudden,
that pain level went down a little bit
more. I said, "Well, my goodness, this
is amazing."Because I'm
telling you, it was on a scale
of
one to 10, it was a 20. That's how bad
this pain was. It was
awful, and I was crying out. I
said, "I need mercy right
now."He
said,
"Sing."So,
I started singing more. He said,
"Lift your leg."So, I lifted my leg and
I moved my leg. He said... It's just
the still small voice. It's the
obedience of the little thing, even if
it sounds foolish. Listen. He
said, "Turn your body over, get on
the floor, and move yourself where
you can stand on one foot and
hop."I
said, "Lord, I'm in
excruciating pain."But
I said, "Lord, I'll do it."So, I
turned over out of the side of my bed
and I started bouncing on the foot that
didn't hurt, and the pain started lifting
even more.
I said, "Well, that was really
interesting."And
now, I was able to move
a little bit so I could go to the
restroom. So, He said, "Go to the
restroom."So,
I hobbled into the restroom, and by
the time I got
there,
the pain lifted a little bit more. And
then He said, "Now, sing more."So, I
started singing more and I started
worshiping the Father. "Thank you, Father.
Thank you."I made it to the hall, and
He said, "Walk quickly."I said, "Walk? I can barely."So,
I hobbled,
starting
to move down the hall, and the pain
lifted a little bit more.
And I told her, "It's
lifting."But
it's as I take every single
step of obedience in what He's asking me
to do, even if it's not something that
my flesh wants to do. I'm following the
voice of God and what He's instructed me,
even if it doesn't make sense.
So, I get down all the
way, and He said, "Now, go sit on the side
of your bed again."So, all
these little steps
of pain that was so intense
that I couldn't move... and I kept
listening, I kept listening, I kept
listening. And by the time it was like
1:00,
whatever it was, it was
terrible. Boom, it just started lifting
completely. And He said, "Go to
sleep."So,
I went to sleep. When I woke up, it
was completely gone.
But what I'm trying to tell you is in
the word that He gave me within that
24 hours, He said, "This is what it's
going to take
to walk in the greater
glory."Even
if it doesn't make sense what
I'm instructing you to do, you
just obey me even if it's painful. Do
you understand? Following the voice of
God beyond your intellect
in these last days, even if it doesn't
make sense to your natural mind. The
natural man perceiveth not the things of
the Lord. And in these last days, for
what's about to take place, you must
obey Him at all costs, even if it
doesn't make sense. "Jump on one leg.""I'm
in pain.""Jump
on one leg."Boing, boing,
boing. It lifts. I go, "Well, I'll
be."And
that's what He was talking to
me about—obeying Him at all costs. And He
gave me an illustration because I
watched Billy Burke.
He'll be ministering to somebody, and all
of a sudden, he will get a word of
knowledge for another person
instantaneously. He'll turn and
minister that word of knowledge that
he's getting from the Father
instantaneously to that other person.
The other person's there, and it's
awkward,
and they'll be looking at him like
you're rude. But
he'll follow the
voice of God at all
costs,
and the anointing follows. It flows.
It's not what you think you should be
doing at that moment. And the Lord
showed me. He said, "It's not what you
think you should be doing at the moment.
It's following My voice, even if it
doesn't make
sense."And
what we're going to come to
in the days ahead,
going into the fall, going into this
new season, He said an acceleration
of things is about to take place.
You're about to see things change like
you've never seen them change before. And
if you want to flow with Me, you're
going to have to obey Me when it doesn't
make sense.
And that's what He's been instructing me
about.
I was invited to do certain
things, and it looked all beautiful,
but the Lord said, "This is not peace.
I'm not giving you a go on
this."Well,
I don't understand,
Father. Isn't this the door? Isn't
this what You want me to do? He said,
"No, don't do this."And it's
uncomfortable for your flesh, but follow
what I tell you to do, even if it
doesn't make sense to you. "But I'm going
to show you some things concerning
this."So,
He gave me a download.
It was a word of correction for some
things.
And it was so clear what the Holy Spirit
was showing me. But the enemy
came
immediately. He's like, "Oh, you're not
hearing the voice of
God."It
was torment. Fear has
torment, but perfect love casteth out
all fear. So, I'm dealing with the
balance of your flesh and the spirit,
because your flesh wants money,
because you want the provision,
you want all this stuff, and you're
trying to get it,
and you
think, "Oh, there's money involved.
This is a blessing."And the Lord
said, "Reject that. Don't take that. Do
what I tell you to
do."And
it's listening to Him at all
costs,
even if it doesn't make sense
to your flesh. Because this
individual said, "Hey, we want to bless
your ministry,"and it's a lot.
I was like, "Oh my goodness, praise
God."But
the Lord said, "No,
will you listen to Me even when it
doesn't make
sense?"Yes,
Lord. Yes, Lord. So, I follow the
voice of God.
This is what He tells me to do, and this
is what I'm trying to tell you to do.
Go back to the basics.
Go back to your first love. He
started talking to me about the book
by
John Bevere, "The Awe of God". And He
said there must be a
reverent
fear. Not like, "Oh, I'm scared of
God."I'm
talking about reverencing Him and being
in
awe of Him because of who He is. He is a
God that is to be feared. And
we're not giving
Him enough reverence in these
days.
It's the
still, small voice, but obeying the still,
small voice even whenever it doesn't
make sense, and fear Him. This is what He
says to do, and it's not what your
intellect thinks you should be doing.
It's following Him at all
costs.
Awe of God. And He said, "Go back,
and you need to read the book again.
Read the first several chapters of John
Bevere's
book again. You're missing
it. You need to go back to the basics of
what I've told you. Don't deviate just
because all this stuff's
coming at you.""Hey, we have a conference
for you over here. We have a conference
for you over here.""What have I
told you to do? Raise up prayer warriors
for this time, in these end times.
Bring a million-man and woman prayer
army. That's your assignment. Don't
deviate from it."Do you understand? And
the shiny thing is
really shiny, and it can distract you.
What did God say? And that's what I
want you to go back to in your life
today, ladies and gentlemen. Go
back to, what did God say? Do you
have an inward peace to do
for the Father on a day-to-day basis?
Don't let the shiny thing distract you,
because there'll be a lot of
enticing things
in your life that come along to try
to deviate you from the plan, just
because the anointing is there and
people are attracted to the anointing.
People get attracted to the light,
and they'll have all kinds of
opportunities, and there'll be money in
it and all kinds of things. But what
does God say?
No matter how much it looks so pretty
and the pig has lipstick, God said,
"Don't touch
it."He
said, "Don't touch it."And there'll
be a lot of times He'll instruct you to
do things and it doesn't make sense.
That's what I have for you. I pray
that blessed you. But
that's what He's dealing with me on. And
He said, "From glory to glory, I'm
changing you, changing you, changing
you into His likeness and image, to perfect
in me the love of God shown to the
world."For
He's changing me from earthly things to
the heavenlies, His likeness and image,
to perfect in me the love of God shown
to the world. Do you understand? He's
taking us from glory to glory. He's
changing me. And
you've
got to keep doing what He's asked
you to do, and at all costs. And so
that's what I have. I know
this is live, but it's just so raw. I'm
just so real, y'all, about this kind of
stuff. I might mess up, and I might
say the wrong thing, but I know my
heart is trying so hard to tell you what
the Holy Spirit has told me today. You
know, I was outside doing my sprinkler,
and it was all messed up.
The guy hit it with a
lawnmower,
and He sat out
here for a minute and talked to me.
So, I was out there, and I was digging a
hole trying to fix the sprinkler,
doing
everything, just listening. And
my reaction was,
"Well, I'm going to go do a live. It's
getting late. You told me to pray
for the people.""Oh, I told you to do
this, but see, it was listening to His
leading immediately. I told you to take
some time and fix the
sprinkler."Okay,
even if it doesn't make sense, we'll fix
the sprinkler right now in the dark. Put the
light on, just digging
around.
And so that's what I was doing. You
know, I probably still have dirt on
myself. So I changed my shirt, put it
on. I was excited because I had a new
shirt. I said, "I'll do a new live video
for y'all with my new shirt."But it's
just keeping that. Go back—I'm going to
tell you again—go
back
to your first love.
Go back to where you fell in love
with Him, and get all of this. Because
the Lord showed me, there was this man.
He said, "This was pure before,
but the more they get big in their own
eyes and all the stuff, it
starts to
deviate."Go
back to the basics.
What were the prayers you prayed before
you were anything?
you had a big church, or a big ministry,
or any kind of anything? Because
that's what's going to keep you.
That's what's going to keep you, the
more you spend time with Him and
keep that freshness. Father, I just
want to be used by you to do something
great.
I want to help you bring in the
harvest. I want to help bring in the
lost for Jesus today. And when you start
doing it, he said, "If I be
lifted up, I'll draw all men unto
me."Boom.
The people start coming. But you
get distracted with the shiny thing,
and then you've got to go back to the
basics: the awe of God, the fear of God.
I
reverence you with holy fear. This is
very important that you do this because
that's where his
voice is at—that still, small voice in
the worship. But it's in the simple
things, the ABCs; a child can do
it. Last night, Diana was in her prayer
time,
and she goes to her secret place.
Paisley came in, my little girl,
and Diana
was
instantaneously like, "Oh, you know,
I'm having my..."and the Lord said,
"Suffer not the children to come to me.
Let her come."So Diana said,
"Honey, I'm worshiping the Father right
now. I'm having my prayer time, but I'll
let you come in here."And all of a
sudden, the Holy Ghost and fire hit my
little girl. And it was so
radical that the presence of God filled
our secret place, and it was fire.
I'm talking, I could feel
it
radiating off of my little girl, and
Holy Ghost tongues—it was boom. The
glory of God filled my little girl like
I've never seen before, to the point
where it was on another
level.
An intercessory prayer started just out
of my ten-year-old. She just started
interceding for I don't know who, but it
was just bubbling
like a river of water just coming
up out of her. And I was hearing
her interceding and travailing in the
spirit for whoever this was. I pray it
was for me, but it was glory
off this child.
The presence of the Lord was on her
to the point where it was
amazing, the freshness, and she was
smelling the fragrance just like Diana.
But I'm going to tell you, in these last
days, he said, "I'm going to pour out my
Spirit upon all
flesh."All
flesh. And that's your sons, and your
daughters, and your children, and your
great-grandchildren.
It's all hands on deck
is what I'm trying to tell y'all. It's
not
going to be, "Well, they're an elder and, of
course, they're..."He's going to use ten-year-olds, and he's going to use
your
five-year-olds.
It's all hands on deck.
This is the time for the greatest
outpouring that we've ever seen before,
and we're about to see the greatest
harvest of souls this world has ever
seen before. And the ark
door is about to close.
Are you on the ark?
Do you know that Jesus Christ is coming
with all these things? We see the
tsunami that we're about to pray for, and
we see the signs in the
heaven that I've warned you
about—this
major asteroid and all these things.
It's coming, and all the
odds are in our favor,
but it looks like the math is saying it's
coming this way. And they said, "We're not
going to announce all this because it
will cause panic, and we have some time.
Maybe it will change course."But the
Lord said, "Fearful sights you will see
in the days ahead that will bring you to
your knees."He said, "Many things will
come in the days ahead that will shake
people to their core."Do you
understand?
It will be a great wake-up call. And I
heard the church bells ringing, "Ding,
ding, ding, ding."And the echo was going
across the land. And as the church
bells were ringing, ladies and
gentlemen, there was an
awakening around the land because that's
what church bells do: they awaken you.
They're warning signs
that something major is about to happen.
And that's what was happening in the
realm of the spirit. The Lord said,
"There's a great shaking to awaken,
Brandon.
Many of my people are asleep. They're
like an ostrich with their head in the
sand.
Their eyes are fixed upon the
land; they're not looking
for what's coming.
But I'm going to do it out of a great
grace
explosion—something
you
can't earn and something you don't
deserve. Do you understand? It's
grace."And
God said, "I'm going to show you one
great explosion of grace upon the earth
one more time. One more time."And you're
about to see, he said, the healings, and
the demonstrations, and the
manifestations of the glory are coming
in a way that you've never seen before.
He said, "I'm going to do something
that's never been seen before. Behold, I
do a new thing."And many people will say, "Well,
we've seen that before. Ah, is that
really God?"No, you're not going to
question whether this is God or not for
what's about to happen. A great
travail of intercessory
prayer—that's
what, at first, it comes out of
prayer. That's what this channel's doing.
And it comes out of prayer, and then we
see it in the natural. But if it's not
birthed in prayer first, you're not
going to see it in the natural because
it has to be prayed over continually.
And you get mockers, and you get all
these scoffers, and you get
people—they
don't get it because the natural man
perceiveth not the things of God because
they have a carnal
mind. But a great shaking is coming to you,
New York. I told you, remember David
Wilkerson's prophecies. A great shaking
is coming to New York. A great shaking
is coming to California. A great shaking
is coming to Seattle. A great shaking
is coming to Portland, Oregon. Remember
this. He said, "The greater the blue
is—the
greater the blue the state
greater the harvest is,
for I'm going to show a great grace
explosion."But
it is a shaking to
awaken. And you'll see it in Minnesota.
You're going to see it over these
places. And that's why I was praying
over this church called Living Word.
Living Word. And he said,
"I'm going to visit there with Holy Ghost
and fire one last time. And it won't be
like it was with the first round with
the founders of the church;
this will be with the sons and the
daughters. It will be a great move of my
presence upon this church one last
time."Remember
this.
And you will see many elders in the days
ahead. Some of them you'll say, "Oh,
it's judgment. They went home."No, it's
just the season. There's a time to live
and a time to die; there's a time to
plant and a time to reap. And you will
see generals go home soon—big generals.
And a lot of the people in the media,
they'll say, "Oh, it's
judgment. See, God's mad at
them."No,
it's them being called home.
Not everything's about judgment. It's not
because they're in sin;
it's a time to live and a time to die.
And that's what the Spirit of the Lord
told me, and, "You must correct this."And
I said,
"Yes, I'll do this."I say the
hard things. I say the good things. I
like it when he gives me easy words.
But I have an urgency of the hour to
tell you, going into September, you see
all the things. He said, "Watch the fig
tree."What's
the main thing about
September? I told you it was coming
before—the
Lord did, not me. The Lord
said, "Correct that."The Lord told me
in prayer
to watch September back in May. He
circled it, and there was fog on it, and he said,
"This is something to do with
Israel."What
is this? So we see Emmanuel—we see
other, the UK guys said today, "We
want to have... if they don't stop this, we
want to recognize Palestine as a
state, a two-state solution."All these
things right when September...
September will be the month to remember.
This is what I've been praying
for. A great change will start to take
place, and my son always has to help me
with this word,
Rosh
Hashanah.
Thank you. I'm sorry, folks,
it's the names. Rosh
Hashanah—acceleration
from this timeframe, an acceleration to
acceleration from glory to glory, change,
birthing pains. As labor pains upon a
woman, so will it be when the Son of Man
returns. Watch. The more we get closer
to the door, the labor pains are
increasing. Why? Because he's coming.
He's coming. Watch the fig tree. Watch
Israel. Watch this. Well, I don't agree
with Bibi. I don't agree with Israel what
they're doing. The people are dying in
Gaza. Folks, I didn't say I agree with
the administration. I'm talking about
the country of Israel.
I'm talking about praying for Jerusalem.
I'm not talking about always agreeing
with the administration, with the
Democrats or Republicans or whatever.
I'm talking about what the Bible says
about watching the fig tree. Period.
It's not about a party.
It's about the land. It's about
his people. It's about what God's going
to do. And people get all twisted about
things. I said, "We've got to
come up higher. What does the
Lord say? Where are we in the
end-time
clock?"That's
why I tell you about Sister
Billie's
meetings, you know, at the
prayer conference, and the Lord's
telling me to pray over this
conference. Pray—these are
Moed
times in the spirit
realm, Brandon. These are
appointed times of prayer and
intercessory prayer, to intercede for the
nations, to intercede for what's coming.
It has to be birthed in prayer before
you see it allotted in the natural. Do
you understand? And most people don't
get that. But I'm trying to tell
you what we have to do as we see
these generals get ready to go home. As
we see the new Davids rise up with
slingshots ready to take down
the giants and the Esthers ready to go
stand before the king.
Are you going to be one of them?
Will you allow the Lord to use you in
these last days and say, "Here am I, Lord,
send me. Here am I, Lord, send me"?
You may not have much to work with, but
"I'm
available.""I
may not be the smartest one in the
back, but I'm available. I may not be
the handsomest or the prettiest, but I'm
available.
If you can use this, Lord, use
me."And
it comes back to just that innocence
of a child. "Father, I'm here,
Lord."And
you know what? God will take your
nothing and make it into a great
something.
He takes the fishes and the loaves and
feeds thousands, with twelve baskets of
overflow.
God will take your
little bit of something and make it into
a lot if you let him.
It's all hands on deck.
There's a great shaking to awaken, as you
see in these earthquakes in diverse
places and all the things that are going
on right now.
The signs of the times are all upon us.
Are you watching, or is it just status
quo? Is the
water level rising and the pot's
beginning to boil, and you don't even
realize what's going on around you
because you've become desensitized to the
signs of the times?
It's time to wake up.
So that's what I had. I hope that
blessed you. I felt a release to shut
up. Now, I told Braden, I said, you
know, I always tell him, I said, "Okay,
he's done. Let's pray."Okay. I have to
take communion. I do not
ever go over and see if he has
anything because I'm not going to get
snared by any devil. So I
go, and I always go before his
throne with communion. And you know me.
So, Father, we lift up this body
before you. We thank you, Lord, for all
that you've done, all that you're going
to do. And I thank you, Father, for
your blood, for your body that was
broken for us. I take this body and I
lift it up before you, Father. And I
thank you, Lord, that you became
sickness for me. You said, "By my stripes,
you're healed."And I lift up this body
before you in the mighty name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Father, that I am
healed and whole and well from the top
of my head to the soles of my feet. And
I plead the blood over me, Father. And I
take this body right now in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord, I'm healed. Thank you,
Lord, I'm well. And Lord, I plead the
blood. I make much of the blood, and the
blood makes much of me. And I
apply the blood over this room. I apply
the blood all around my house so that I
will not be snared by any satanic or
demonic force. I plead the blood over my
eyes, Father, if there's anything you
want to show us to warn us that's
coming. And if not, it's okay. We'll
just keep praying anyway. But Father, I
thank you, Lord, that we plead the
blood over the gifts you've given us.
And we thank you, Lord, that we cover
ourselves
in the blood right now in the
name of Jesus. And we thank you, Lord,
for that blood. And we thank you, Lord,
that you forgive us of our sins tonight,
Father. Any open doors, we shut them in
the name of Jesus. And Father, I thank
you, Lord, for the acceleration of the
end times, and the seedtime and harvest
is accelerating. And we plead
the blood over our seeds, and every
negative seed we've sown that we try to
reap a harvest over us. Father,
we thank you for mercy. We
call for mercy over those seeds tonight,
Father, that we don't reap a bad
harvest. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
we call mercy over our seeds and we
plead the blood over us in
Jesus'name.
Amen. Amen. Right.
Thank you, Lord, that we hear, we see
what you want to say.
We'll hear your voice, and the stranger's
voice we will not follow. How many people
are
here?
4,100.
Wow, it's late, too.
People keep sending me these waters. I
really appreciate y'all. You have great
hearts. I told D, I said, "I feel
like I'm a walking billboard for this
company now. They'll be going, 'You
drink this water over
there.'"I
don't know if the company's sending it
to me or whoever, but somebody sent me
these waters through my Amazon.
I'm trying to be a blessing for
drinking. I said, "Hey, that's pretty
neat. Thank you for the
water."Father,
we just thank you, Lord.
Father, we just thank you. Father, we
just humble ourselves before you. We just
come before you boldly into your throne
room.
We thank you, Father, that you've
chosen
us to be in the end times. That, Father,
you said there'll be a generation
that doesn't taste death, Brandon, and
you're that generation.
That there will be a generation in these
last days that doesn't taste death. And
we give you all the glory. And
Father, as we see these signs of the
times happening all around us, Father,
you said that we could take authority
over things and pray for
protection—that
a thousand should fall at our side
and ten thousand at our right hand, but
nothing shall come nigh us. We plead the
blood of Jesus Christ over Hawaii, over
the West Coast, over Alaska,
over Japan. And we say in the name of
Jesus Christ of Nazareth, you will not
destroy or harm any property in the name
of Jesus. Waves, be still! As Jesus spoke
to the waves, we speak to the waves:
"Peace, be still. Peace, be still."In the
name of Jesus, we call the waves to
dispatch, to just flatten out. You'll
not have major waves come into Hawaii.
You'll not have them come onto the West
Coast. And we call the land to have
peace right now in
Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, that no believers,
no harm comes nigh any of us, that we're
always in the right place at the right
time, and the angels are
round
about us. Father, you said in your word
that they would bear us up in their
hands lest we dash our foot against a
stone. Now, Father, I plead the blood
all around the coast of British
Columbia. I call the angels to watch
over the people of British Columbia,
all the way up, Father, all around
Alaska and Anchorage, all around Russia
and all around Japan, all around the
islands. Father, we call a mighty hedge
of your protection over this land in the
name of Jesus.
We believe we receive everything, all
your divine protection over us, Father.
Do you all believe that? Y'all believing
with me. There's no wave coming in.
There's no wave coming in. We take
authority over the waves. We take
authority over any kind of destruction.
We come against it in the name of Jesus.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for
your angels. We put
the angels there. We thank you, Lord. We
call the waves down.
We call calm to
the sea. I still see when I'm praying
right then. I see
a bubbling in the
water. I see a major active
volcano
in the water right now. I'm
talking about a
massive volcano off the coast of Oregon. There
are
gases coming. There
is
steam coming. And remember the
fish.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
It caused the fish from
the deep waters to come up.
Glory to God.
Father, we cover
it. We cover all the
land.
Some things you will not stop.
Some things are signs of the times. He
says, 'You'll not stop it all.
You'll not stop this, but you
pray divine protection over you and your
household.'Do
you understand?
Some things you're going to see.
That's what he's talking to
me about because I said, 'Will you stop
this?'He
said, 'No, some of these
things you will not. These things have
to
happen.'I
see a shaking coming to British
Columbia. You need to hear me. I see a
major
shaking coming to British Columbia.
I'm going to pray over this for a
minute, okay? So you can just pray
along with me.
Mexico.
I see the buildings shaking. I see
the buildings
moving in British
Columbia. I see the big buildings.
It's the
same.
Yellowstone. I'm praying over
Yellowstone.
I see a great eruption. I see
Mount Fuji again. Mount
Abu
out of nowhere. It will erupt in one
day. Out of nowhere, it will just boom.
It's worse than a
nuclear explosion.
It's like
massive atomic bombs. I have to be
careful what I say. But I'm
telling you, this is like a massive
thing happening to the top of this
volcano, this mountain.
I see
the
markets
will be shaken.
Make a great shaking, Japan. Japan
and the economy of Japan.
Costa
Rica
shaking.
I'm in New York now, and I can see
disruption.
You say, 'What does that
mean?'I
see smoke. I
hear the sirens, but I
see the lights from the
ambulance workers and the fire trucks.
There's an event. Something has
happened, and it's on the street level
again. A major uprising in New York, a
major
disturbance.
Civil unrest is the word I hear. Civil
unrest is coming.
I see
a shaking coming
to Australia.
I see the big building.
It looks like that opera
house thing. I see that
building. Queensland?
Sydney.
Sydney Opera House.
Is that Sydney? I don't
know.
It's that building.
I see that building. It's on the
water's edge. I see
that building, and I know this is
Australia. And the Lord said
this is what we're praying over. The
shaking is coming to Australia.
That's it right there. That's
what I see right
there. It is lit up, that
white thing. It's lit up in the middle.
That's what I see right there, that
building.
An awakening is coming. You will
see an awakening.
It's like they're out of sight, out
of mind, way down here, but an awakening
is coming to Australia.
They
are
down here, way down. And I'm
telling you, the Lord said a shaking
is coming.
Weird things with your weather.
It's very strange
weather,
unusual
heat.
I'm talking about the major cities.
Pray for the rain.
Drought. I see
it.
Pray for the rain. We call
in
the rain. Not
just the natural rain, but we
call in the Holy Ghost rain.
We call drought to be broken.
When this heat
comes,
Father, we thank you. We thank you,
Lord, that
we have authority over the
weather. We call in that rain right now.
We call it in before
the
heat
comes.
It's coming.
Change is coming to the weather.
It's not now;
it's coming. Do you understand? Change
is coming. I see drought,
unusual
heat.
Speak to the weather. Speak to
the rain to come in this
coming season. You must speak to the
rain.
I see fires upon the land in
Australia. I'm talking about the
farmland crops. Let me
explain what I
see.
I usually
go into the depth of
my
visions in a subsequent video, but since I
am
live, I see the land right
now. It's like when you get
those stress cracks in the land from
drought. It's
cracked all around, and pools of water
that once were are gone.
It's like a dust bowl.
I see intense heat, and the
reason I know it is
because of the heat distortion you see in
the
distance.
I see that upon
the land as I'm praying,
moving on the land.
I'm seeing that
opera house, and
it's going to be
very hot there.
People might say, 'Of course
it gets hot there.'No, this is unusual
drought and unusual heat. And the Lord said,
'Pray over the weather. Pray over the
rain for
the
coming season.'You understand? This is
important if you live there, that you
pray over your rain. Pray for the rain.
This is very serious.
Pray
for the cows and for
agriculture,
because right when I said that,
I saw
a cow and I saw the agriculture. That's why
the Lord is showing me this. Pray over this. It
is
hot,
even over kangaroos getting too hot. I'm
talking about kangaroos, fires,
and
kangaroos not having anything to drink
because
it's too hot.
The Lord
said, 'Move on.'So we're going to move on.
Okay. Now the Lord said we must pray
over Ukraine and
this escalation of what's trying to
happen here. Ukraine, Russia,
Europe—an
escalation of war is in store. You
must pray over it. Deflate
egos and pride.
haughtiness
inside
over this escalation.
It's a thin line. Do you
hear this? A thin line. I see a thin
line concerning Zelensky and Poland. I see
Poland in this. Zelensky and an
escalation of what I've told you is
coming about this mega thing.
It's a thin line. We're talking
a split decision.
A very serious split decision is
what I'm seeing. This is like a line and
it's like, 'Don't cross that
line.'And
it's thin. It's so thin, it's
hair-thin.
That's how close this thing is to
really kicking off into something more.
It's
hair-thin.
'Just give me a reason to push the
button.'You
know what I'm saying?.
You know what I'm saying?
That's how serious this
is. And I see it with Poland. I
see
Zelensky.
I see it, and there's something going on
here again. I see this, and the Lord
said, 'A thin line.
Handle
the bear with
care.'Trump,
handle the bear with care.
I see
a
strong arm. Just like I told
you. The
Lord said, 'Brandon, just like I told
you: strong arm. You must
handle the bear with
care.'I
just heard it again.
Don't strongarm.
Don't be flexing. It
will
get out of control. I see
an escalation out of
control. We must pray for a de-escalation
to diffuse this
in Jesus'name.
No more lives lost. No more people
unnecessarily
going home. No more ego.
Flex, flex, flex—I see it's
like flexing. The Lord said, 'No
flex, egos,
or
pride.'Calm
of the mind to decide, no
clutter. Do you hear me? No
clutter.
Go about this at peace. Peace
to this storm.
Calmer heads will prevail. Calm heads.
We
call for calm. Don't be
flexing. No, handle the bear with care.
Don't back it in a corner.
A
thin
line—there's
a thin line. You will see a thin line.
The
Lord said, 'No.
many, many lives.'I see Kim
Jong-un.
North Korea
is
in the waiting. And then a great
escalation
to really kick this thing off into a
higher level. Alliances have
been made. Great alliances have been
made, waiting.
The
military—it's
not a bluff. This is not a bluff. I
hear,
'This is not a
bluff.'You
must listen.
This is not a bluff.
I see it
in
the
shadows.
What's happening in the shadows?
I see Macron again.
The
Lord said, 'Do not say that out loud on
this.'Okay.
Useless
weasels.
The
Lord said we
open them. Open it.
I see the Canadian Prime Minister
again. He's in the background,
and I see barrels of oil in the
background.
Desperation
concerning economies. Desperation.
Hope.
He is here.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
He is here.
Holy, holy.
I will bless
His name again.
He is here.
Listen closely.
Hear Him calling out your name.
He is here. You can touch Him. You will
never be the same.
I sense an awesome moving
of the Holy Spirit.
I see His countenance
resting on your face.
I know that there are angels
hovering all around us,
for the presence
of the Lord
is in this place.
He is here.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
He is here.
Holy,
holy, I will bless His name again.
He is here.
Listen closely.
Hear Him calling
out your name.
He is here. You can touch Him. You will
never be the same.
Whenever I was looking, I
saw
Africa.
I could see the sun
shining upon Africa, but it
was the rays of the sun, and
a
glorious outpouring of His
Spirit is coming to Africa.
It was beautiful.
I searched for peace
among the shadows, dark and lonely. Gave
up on finding that long and lasting
light.
I tasted all the things that sin could
think to offer me.
But today I feast on manna from above.
He is here.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
He is here.
Holy, holy, I will bless His name again.
Listen closely.
Hear Him calling out your name.
He is here.
You can touch Him. You will never be the
same.
Lord,
we thank you for this time of prayer
tonight.
Thank you, Lord. There's so much there
that you showed me. There's so much there
of warnings for the people to take
heed and pray over the land, especially
this about the escalation, a
thin line
with war we're about to see. If we
strongarm, if they strongarm,
it will push this thing over to an
escalation that we don't want to see,
for North Korea is in the balance in the
back and most people don't see it.
They're in the shadows, and this has a
great opportunity to go into another
level like we do not want to see upon
our world.
This has an opportunity to be escalated
to another level.
And the Lord said, 'Diffuse.'Ego and pride
are
in the way. Diffuse.
Strong
arm—this
is
what you'll see,
and you'll push the bear in a corner.
An escalation of things that you don't
want to see will take place as you think
you will try to de-escalate. But this
will be a thin line that will be
crossed. A thin line will be crossed. It
is
so rice-paper thin, but
most people do not realize it. You
say, 'Well, our military intelligence
says
this.'They're
wrong.
I hear by the Spirit of God, you're
You need to hear me.
If we do this, we'll
de-escalate things. We'll
back them in a corner.
No, you're about to see somebody
who's
kamikaze.
Do you understand? That's what I hear
the Spirit of God say
for a great shaking.
Is it worth the sons and the daughters?
Is it worth the life?
The same thing told you: 'Do not
split my land. Do not split my
land.'This
is a warning. This is what the Lord
said: 'Do not touch my land.
For there will be sheep nations and there
are
goat
nations.'You'll
hear this more.
You'll see more about the goat nations
and the sheep nations. Who stands and
who doesn't? You say, 'We want to be a
sheep nation.'Trust me,
there
are
judgments, great judgments.
Don't be on the wrong side of this,
leaders.
You pray for your leaders.
The Lord said, 'Pray for your
leaders. Don't be on the wrong side of
this, Canada.'I hear the Spirit of the
Lord say, 'Don't be on the wrong side
of this, Canada.
Don't be on the wrong side of this,
England,
Europe,
the EU.
Don't be on the wrong side of this.
India,
the sway this
way.'Remember,
I'm remembering what the
Lord said about the man with the gray
beard.
I don't remember directly what you said,
Father. Do you remember what he...
war crimes?
Yeah,
war crimes. He was voting against
Israel.
Standing against Israel. Thank you, son.
My son's my encyclopedia. He has all
inside of him, too.
Thank you, buddy. I'm seeing it,
Lord. That's what he's saying. Stand on
the right side of this.
Yep. That's the man,
Modi.
Modi,
a great shaking is coming to India
again. I see the temples
falling right there. I'm telling you, a great
revival is coming and I see the temples
falling with monkeys on them.
I see monkeys and I see temples falling
completely decimated, completely. I'm
talking dust
shaking.
Megan's making a noise in the
background, son. I don't know if it's
picking up, but
it's
starting to lift anyway. That's okay,
it
is starting to lift.
Well, glory to God.
Lord, is there anything else you want to
show us today?
Well, praise the
Lord.
See how
the anointing
of intercession goes in waves, and I
can feel it. It starts like
it crashes and it pulls
back, and you wait. You wait for
it, and it's like the second
hand hits again, and you feel to
go with it again sometimes. But
sometimes it's done. It's flat and
you've done your part. We all add our
part to the symphony. It's the
beautiful orchestra that's happening in
the spirit realm, and we add our part, and
then somebody else will add their part,
but it all keeps going.
It
never dies, and that's why a lot of times I
pray a lot at night because there's
a flow. It's a river, and you can flow,
and it's the pulse of the
orchestra, you know? And then when your
part's done, you take a little break, and
He'll give you—you can get a drink and
say, 'Okay.'And then all of a sudden,
you'll feel it stir up inside
of you again. And He'll say, 'Pray,
pray, pray. This is what I'm going to
show you today.'Boop, boop. And that's
how I flow. And the Lord
said, 'I want you to go on there and do
this live today. I want you to pray with
my people.'I said, 'Okay, I can do
that. But first, do the
sprinkler.'So,
that's what I did outside. You know,
it's just me,
y'all. I'm not all this
hype. I just pray, just follow the
Holy Ghost today. I pray it blessed you.
5,700.
Okay. Well, we can pray some more. I
mean, there's a lot of you here, but
I tug with the river. I tug with the
river. That's what He said. We go
tubing. We pray at the river, but
okay, instantaneously, the Lord said, 'If they
want to pray, we'll
pray.'Listen,
I'm in Europe again. I can see it.
He said, 'Just pray in tongues over that
for a minute.'That's what He said. He
said, 'Just pray in tongues.'You saw
what's coming and what's about to
happen. Now, pray in the spirit over it,
okay? So, we're just going to pray in
tongues.
I'm going to pray in
tongues
into what I'm seeing with Trump and the
strong arm and handle the bear with care,
and with what I see with Zelensky and
Poland. And then behind the shadows is
North Korea. Okay. So, what we're going
to do is we're going to pray into that
and pray a de-escalation of war, war.
Okay. So, that's what we're going to do,
okay.
He's a puppet. He's a puppet. I hear
he's a puppet again. You hear him,
Zelensky?
He's a puppet. He's a
marionette. He's on his strings, and he's
doing what he's been told to do from the
weasel.
The weasel. I see the weasel
manipulating the puppet again,
a
marionette puppet.
I see Australia being dragged
into this relentlessly. I mean,
they don't want to—I see them in
their face, but they're being
dragged
into this. I see Australia, their people,
they don't want this, being dragged like,
'Oh, we don't want to get
involved.'I
saw their army men, their
troops on the ground. I saw them, and
they don't want
to.
If this escalates to where I see it,
they will be involved. There will be
these involved, and it will be a front of
all-different
war, a world war, a great
world war.
There's meetings ahead. There's meetings
ahead. I see meetings. I see a table. I
see meetings ahead.
I see Iceland.
In the middle of the night, in the
middle of the night, I see Cuba. I see
Cuba. I see Cuba.
Watch Cuba. Watch Cuba.
Whoa. Watch Cuba.
They're being promised things.
Most every day...
The mules. The mules. The mules.
Oh, there's great darkness there.
There's great darkness there. Oh,
there's great darkness there. Oh,
we call light to it. We call light to
it. We expose it. We expose the
darkness. We expose it.
Yeah, buddy, flip on the light. Flip on
the light, Lord. Flip on the light,
Lord. We expose that darkness in there.
We call Cuba to be exposed.
Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
Hallelujah. We receive it, Lord. We
receive Your protection. We receive what
You have for us. Protection, protection.
Glory to God.
Not too far off.
It's not too far off.
I hear the Lord say, 'It's not too far
off.'Oh,
it's not too far off.
It's not too far off.
Just a little bit more work, you see,
and I'm coming to get you. So that's
what He's
saying.
It's not too far off.
We're right there. You're right there.
You're right there. Just push just a
little harder. We're almost there.
Jesus is coming.
He just wants
to—He's
leaving the 99 to go after the
one.
He wants the one. He wants the one in
the back fields.
He wants to bring in the ones in the
back fields.
If you're watching this today and you've
never accepted Jesus Christ as your
Lord and personal Savior, you say, 'This
is really weird. What this guy is doing
is
really weird.'Yeah, to the natural man,
it does seem really weird. But I'm
trying to tell you, if you don't know
Jesus Christ today,
you're running out of time.
All this other stuff, all this
stuff doesn't matter. All this other
stuff doesn't matter if you don't know Jesus.
We can pray about all this stuff, but
it's all for naught if you don't have Jesus
Christ in your heart.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, I'm just
interested in this stuff. I think it's
interesting.'No,
no, no. You're missing it.
Unless a man be born again, he cannot
enter into the kingdom of God. And you
may be watching this back and you're
saying, 'All that weird language and all
that stuff,'but you're not
here by coincidence.
You're not here by coincidence. He
said it: you can't come to the Father
unless He's drawing you. And you feel
that inside, there's something going on.
'What is going on with me? I feel
something going on. I feel
something.'It's
a stirring. It's
an
itching. It's the stirring of the
Holy Spirit drawing you.
It's time for you to come home to the
Lord today. It's time for you to come
home to the Lord. If you're still here,
it's time for you to come home to the
Lord today.
You've been backsliding. You've been
living a compromising
life in sin. You know, right? You've
been taught all your life to
be in church, but you watch my videos
because you know there's something
right about it and you're stirred
inside. And the Lord says you're here
right now and you're watching and you've
been living in compromise. You've been
living in a sinful lifestyle,
sleeping around, doing the things you
shouldn't be doing, and you know it's
wrong. And you say, 'Lord, I'm coming
home today.'If you're in this
video right now and you feel a tugging
at your heart, I want you to say
something in the chat. Say, 'I'm coming
home today. I'm coming home
today.'Jesus
wants you to come home today. He's
waiting, ready with His robe,
saying, 'I'm here for you.'Turn your
back on the world and everything that
you think—sin is good for a
season, folks. It tastes good for a
season, but in the end, there's death.
In the end, there's death. And
many of you are just right on the verge.
If you don't get your heart right for
the Lord, you could step over into
eternity because of some open door,
something you don't realize.
The enemy is waiting at your door, and
he's knocking and he's ready to take you
out. Turn your back and shut the door
today. Come home today.
Come home today. Jesus is waiting on
you. His arms are wide open and He's
saying, 'Come unto me, all ye that are
heavy laden, and I'll give you rest. Take
my yoke upon you.'Do you understand?
He loves you and He has a plan for your
life. Jesus Christ loves you and He has
a plan for your life today.
And it's a good plan. He said, 'I
have a plan to prosper you. I
have a plan of peace. I have a plan of
joy. Everything is good with the
Lord.'But
the devil comes to kill, steal, and
destroy. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm
telling you, the devil's a bad devil and
God is a good God. Just like Oral Roberts
always said, the devil's a bad devil and God
is a good God. But I want to give you an
opportunity, not for religion—I hate
religion, hate it—but for a relationship with
my friend. He's my friend
and he visits me, and I'm telling you,
he'll do the same for you as what he
does for me. He'll come and talk to you
and show you what's coming. You say,
"Brandon, I want the baptism of the
Holy Ghost. I want these things. Can I
have the baptism of the Holy Ghost? Can
I have all this? Can I get my life
right with the Lord?"Well, you came to
the right place, right? It's not by
coincidence. It's late
night
here in America, really late for
us. But the Lord said, "You're here for
such a time as this.
I want you to say this prayer after
me."Just
a simple prayer. It's
not all religious; I'm the
furthest thing from religious you've
ever seen. Just a big old country guy
coming from Oklahoma to
tell you that Jesus Christ loves you and
he has a plan for your life. But I want
you to accept my friend today.
At the count of three, I'm going to
say the sinner's prayer, but I want you
to make a stand for Jesus. Jesus died
for you publicly. Now, you be public
about your salvation and say, "I want to
be saved."If Jesus was able to do it
publicly, you do it publicly. Tell
someone,
"I need Jesus Christ today."At the
count of three, I'm going to
count to three and I want you to tell us
in the comment section down below. Tell
us. Say, "I need Jesus today,"or, "I
want to be baptized in the Holy Ghost. I
need Jesus. I need a touch from Jesus
today."All
right.
One,
two,
three. You feel that inside your heart
right now. Say, "Jesus, I need
you."Say,
"Jesus, I need you. I want to turn
my back on this world today. Today's my
day. I'm coming home. I've been
backsliding.
I need Jesus. I've been
living in sin. I don't want
anything to do with the world. I need
Jesus. I'm selling out to Jesus today.
I want you to sell out to Jesus today.
There may not be anybody, I don't know,
but I just felt inside to give you the
opportunity to make a
change and to say, 'I need
him today. He's my friend and he's
with me all the time.'And I'm not
saying everything's always easy, but
as long as
you keep on keeping on...
So, I'm going to say the sinner's prayer
with you, and you can
say it with me is what I'm
trying to say. Ready? Say, "Jesus, I
believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
I'm a sinner. I've fallen away.
I've turned my back on you. But
as of tonight, I'm coming home.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
Forgive me of my compromise.
Forgive me for not being sold out.
As of today, I make a change in my
heart.
I make a change in my heart today. Today
is a new start.
Forgive me, Lord. I'm coming home. I'm
not running no more. But I ask you to
help me with the things that have been
plaguing me the most. I can't do
this. I have addictions. I've
been doing all these bad things, but I
need help.
And as I ask you for help, Lord, will
you meet me at my point of need? And
he will.
But I surrender to you today.
I turn my back on the world. I turn my
back on the devil.
And I thank you, Lord, that you forgive
me.
Thank you, Lord, that you write my name
in the Lamb's Book of Life. And even if
it had some dust on it, it's
clean,
it's off. I'm now coming home.
Right, that's it. That's it. For
with
the heart, confession is made unto
salvation.
With
the heart, confession is made
unto
salvation. That's what you do. You say,
"I need a
Savior."So,
I believe today you just did the
best thing you could ever do, which is to accept
Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal
Savior. I believe it.
And I'm going to be so excited to meet
you in heaven when that day
comes. You can say, "Hey, Brandon, I was
there and I said that prayer with you.
You led me to Jesus
today."I
told you about my friend, but he did the
rest. So, if you
say, "What do I do now?"Well, if you're
new here and you've never read the Bible,
you don't know all these things. You get
a Bible, you read your Bible every
day, and you pray. You go to
church, you tell the pastor there,
"Hey, I need to be water-baptized."I just
got born again watching some guy on the
internet, and I need to get
water-baptized.
So, you get water-baptized. You get
dunked in there. It's a public
display. Say, "Jesus, I'm sold
out."That's
all: I'm sold out to Jesus. So
you volunteer, you read your Word, you
pray every day, and you draw near to
Him. Don't lose that fire. You've got
to keep that fire fanned,
that
flame of
fire inside of you, the Holy Ghost
and
fire. That's what you've got to do—fan the
flame. Yep,
so that's what you're going to do. And
the only way you do that is by staying
in the Word—staying in the Word and by
praying in the Spirit.
But I'm so glad you came tonight.
If you say, "Well, I can't afford a
Bible,"in
the description down below,
if you can't afford a Bible, my wife and
I will send you a Bible for free through
Amazon here in the States.
Just tell us your address. We'll never
bother you again. We'll not solicit you.
We're just doing it to celebrate your
decision tonight. Say, "I gave my heart
to Jesus Christ."Put it
in the headline,
in
the top of it. Say, "I gave my heart to
Jesus tonight,"and we want to
celebrate with you by giving you your
first Bible.
We love you and we're so thankful that you
came today. Now, if you say, "I need to
be baptized in the Holy Ghost and fire.
I want to pray in tongues just
like that, Brandon, like I heard you do.
I want to pray in
tongues
like that."He gave us gifts,
and I would encourage you to read
the book Why Tongues by Kenneth
E. Hagin.
Why tongues? If you want to know more
about tongues, and you say it sounds really
weird and everything,
read
Why Tongues by Kenneth E. Hagin. Find that
little book. I think it's probably like
a dollar. You can find it for a buck and
you can read about Why Tongues by
brother Kenneth E. Hagin and it will
change your life. But I pray right now,
and the devil's
going to try to talk you out of it: "Oh, it's
of the devil."If it's of the devil,
I say, "Why are
the people in the bars not speaking in
tongues
if
they're
falling out?"You know, they're drunk.
That doesn't happen, folks. You don't
see the strip club and
all the people in there doing that,
speaking in tongues
and watching people on the
poles.
It doesn't happen. You don't hear
it
in bad places. It's only in
Pentecostal churches, you know. And so,
I want to encourage you to get
baptized in the Holy Ghost.
And the Lord's not going to come
by and grab a hold of your tongue and
shake it for you. You've got to step out
of the boat. You've got to step out of the
boat and you've got to do it. And you've
got to put your faith in motion.
You've
got to put your faith to it.
Faith without works is dead. If you
don't move your tongue and utter
syllables
out of your mouth, it's
not going to work, you know what I'm
saying? So, you've got to
let the Holy Ghost flow through you, but
you put your faith, your
flesh in it, and say, "I'm going to speak
it, and I'm going to move my tongue, and
I'm going to say these syllables out
there,"and
the Holy Ghost starts coming
up on you. Watch, just like it happens
with me. And he comes on you like Holy
Ghost and fire. I'm telling you, it
comes up and you go, "Whoa!"And it's
like a river of living water coming up
out of you. Okay? So, we pray for you
and we're excited you're here. But
if you want to know more about tongues
and you say, "Well, that's all
strange,"find
the book Why Tongues. That's what I
have to tell you. And it will really bless
you. And so,
thank you for joining us tonight. Thank
you for being here. I appreciate every
single one of you. It's such a blessing
that you would spend your night. I know
it's
getting late,
but I felt an urgency to
pray for these things. And the Lord
said, "Do it today."And I said, "Lord,
it's like 10 o'clock.""It
doesn't
matter. If they want to pray, they want
to pray. If they don't, they
don't."So,
I appreciate every single one of you
that prays. I feel like we made great
headway in the spirit realm concerning
things. So, are there a lot of people
here?
5,000.
Oh, there's 5,000 of y'all. Well, praise
the Lord. That means we had 5,000 prayer
warriors with us. A lot more through
this whole—I think it was over an hour.
I don't know how long we've been on
here.
30,000 for the
whole—30,000
people prayed. So, and
then some of them went to bed, but
that's a lot. Praying for how long? How
long were we on here?
An hour and 40 minutes.
Almost two hours. Almost two hours.
Well, praise God. So, did this bless
y'all? Do they have any questions?
Before I go,
there's a lot of people getting saved.
A lot of people getting saved. Well,
welcome to the family. Please like and
subscribe. Click the notification bell
if you're new
here and you're watching this video.
Come back. I want you to be part of my
prayer team. This is my prayer group. I
got a big prayer group. A lot of prayer
warriors.
Yes, a big revival in Africa. I'll
tell you what I saw real quick if you
want to hear about it. I
usually don't give detail until I give
the next video of what I see, but I saw
a sun that split the rays off the
sun, and it was shining over the
continent of Africa. All of it was
starting to shine, but it started on the
ocean side first and started
going
to the east. And so it was on the
west side first, and it started fanning
out over Africa from the coastline, and
it started from, I guess that would be
South Africa, right? Down low. And yeah,
down low. I know, but I'm just saying
it's on the water, right?
Yeah.
And so I'm just saying it was all
down on the water, but it started
to spread out over Africa. And I saw
every tribe and every tongue of
the continent
of
Africa starting to be on fire for Jesus.
It was a glory outpouring.
What is that
right there? No, go up. What is
that? No, down right there. That big
one. Yep. What is that?
Angola.
Angola. It was all around Angola. That's
where I was seeing it. And it started
spreading out on Angola and moving
across the land.
Yep. All right, there.
I don't know how you can show them that,
but that's what I saw.
But the main focus of what I saw was
the glory coming to Africa and a major
move of God. But I saw all kinds of
tribe and tongue of people getting
radically born again. But it was more
about a Holy Ghost fire. Holy Ghost.
First there was fragrance and then it
started fire. You know, "My worship is my
weapon.
This is how I win my
battles."There
it is.
"This is how I
win."I
love that song.
Yeah, that's what they're saying. That's
what they're saying when they're saying
you're worshiping the Lord. That's how
you win your battle for your life.
Yeah. "This is how I win my
battles."First
it was fragrance.
I love that song.
Okay. So, and then the Lord's telling me
to pray over a thin line. I saw a lot
with the war, and I can't get into all
that. There are some things there
that I just can't talk about on
here, but I will tell you this, this is
very serious.
Very, very, very serious. We must pray for
a de-escalation
of what would try to
manifest in the days ahead and some
meetings and some time of a thin red
line. And it was so thin. It was rice
paper thin. But
this is so serious of
backing a bear into a corner that this
thing is about to really kick off. And
we must pray for a de-escalation of war
in Europe.
Okay. And pray, if it was to
escalate to that, for a retaliation in
Cuba against America. Okay. Things being
promised behind the shadows.
That's all I can say about that. I
probably said too much already, but
pray over Canada. And then I
saw splitting,
and the Lord said remember September,
circling September. Very seriousness
about September concerning Israel and a
two-state solution
calling Palestine a state, and the
statehood,
and causing
escalation
there. And this was very
serious too, but the Lord was, "Watch the
fig tree."And that's what I was
seeing. And so then I saw an
escalation—I'm
getting
tired—in
the water volcanoes, and I saw
Mount Fuji, the whole top went off like
an
atomic thing. I'm talking a serious thing
happened in Fuji. Mount Fuji.
Fuji.
Yep.
Big. I saw the whole snow cap on the top
of that thing completely gone. But it
went off like a
massive—beyond
anything you can comprehend.
Complete devastation is what I saw. And
I don't know what would cause that, but
it happened suddenly. It was out of
nowhere. Boom. Nobody was expecting
it—I
don't know if they were expecting
it or not, I'm not going to sit there
and try to add to or take away from, I
just saw a complete devastation thing
happen.
It was bad, from what I saw. And I saw
British Columbia again tonight. I saw
earthquakes, a massive earthquake
shaking the buildings completely to the
ground in India in their temples. I'm
talking pagan temples falling completely
to the ground, decimated by a major
earthquake. And I saw monkeys falling
off as it was shaking. I saw monkeys, and
I thought that was interesting. I don't
know what's up with these monkeys, but I
saw monkeys falling down off of this
temple because there were monkeys on this
shrine. It looked like a
pyramid-looking
thing, and
there were monkeys hanging on this thing.
And whenever it started to
be shaken to the ground, the monkeys
were scattered around, and they weren't
like gorilla monkeys, they were like
little monkeys like my
son's showing. It was monkeys like
that, and they were scattering
all over the place trying to get off
these temples as they were being
taken to the ground. And then I saw
major shaking again, like I said, in
British Columbia, a major escalation in
the water. I saw actual lava coming up
in the water and fish dying.
So I know there's a lot there. Oh, and I
said pray for Australia. The Lord told
me, said, "Pray for Australia."I saw your
summer, your summer will be very, very
hot where that Opera House is. And
I saw so much so that even the
wildlife,
they were trying to find water.
Kangaroos were trying to find water, and
I saw the land splitting,
cracking from lack of
water,
drought. And listen, pray for the
rain. Pray for the rain over Australia.
Not only the natural rain, but a Holy
Ghost and fire rain, for a major
revival would take place from—is it
Sydney? I'm saying it wrong.
Yeah, Sydney. That's what the
Lord said. Yes, it's Sydney, Brandon.
Sydney, Australia. All the way across.
Major, major, major, major revival.
Glory to God.
Yeah, that's what he's showing you about
the Opera House, the Sydney Opera House.
Yep,
Sydney, Australia.
Yeah, Queensland, Northern Territory,
and
Western Australia.
Yep. Major revival. But I saw drought,
and praying over that for a
very hot, hot summer, unusual. And the
Lord said, "Pray for rain.
Pray."There's
things with the earth. There's
things happening, and we're going to
see things. And some of these things
when I stopped, I said, "Can we stop
some of this stuff?"And he said, "No,
no, you can't, but you can pray
protection over your families."And he
said, "I'll protect you."Do you
understand? A thousand shall fall at
your side and 10,000 at your right hand,
but it won't come nigh you. That's what he
said. You have divine
protection. Divine protection over all
this stuff. Fearful sights you'll see in
the heavens, all these things. But it
doesn't have to affect you.
You can quote Psalms 91 and
Psalms 23 and get that down in your
heart and it will be
your protection. All right. Believe it
in your heart, though. You got to be
a
believing believer. A believing
believer. So, glory to God. Well, I
think that's pretty good. What do you
think, son? Good. Good enough today.
I appreciate y'all being here,
though. I think I kind of
went over everything. Is there
anything else they want to know?
Anything else? Is it good?
And the fish. Pray over the fish.
Praying over the fish because
there was literally tens of thousands of
them washing up on the top and they were
dying and they were all on the
top. It was nasty because you know a lot of
dead fish is going to stink after a
while. And so there's a lot of
dead fish and I saw them. They were
coming up from the depth. Fish you've
never seen before. The Lord said there
were fish you'll never have seen before.
Some of you people have never seen
it with human eyes in public. Maybe
by underwater devices, but
nothing in the natural have we seen some
of this stuff before. Like,
it's like uncommon
fish. Uncommon fish
coming up from the depth is what I saw.
Weird fish. Weird looking fish. Scary
looking fish.
So
backing the bear in the corner.
Yeah, backing the bear in the corner.
That was Putin. Putin's the
bear. That's the Lord said, "Do not back
the bear in the corner."And they'll try
in the days ahead. I saw a major backing
of the bear, an escalation of things.
And as this happened, there were things
in the shadows of North Korea. And
I'm not going to talk
about some of that, but there
were
some very serious things
there. Folks, you really
need to hear this. You need to pray over
this. You don't want your family
involved in this.
People's lives because of pride and ego
and things. Who's telling me what to do?
Who's doing this? Men's lives are
at
stake. This is the balance between life
and death for some folks. It's very
serious.
It's not like people playing war
games and stuff. It's crazy. It's
like deescalate, have peace,
who's moving first, who's flinching
first. Just like a bully in the
schoolyard. Who's going to hit first?
You know, you hit me, I'll hit you.
But not only that, I got a big brother
behind me. It's very
serious for what I saw tonight.
Australia trying to get involved in
this. And Australia was saying, "We
don't want to be involved in
this."But
they felt like they were obligated to. I
saw their people saying, "We don't want
to be involved in this. We're down
here."And
they, but they felt
they were pressured to get involved with
what I saw coming.
It's very serious.
So, all right. I've said enough. I'm
tired now. God bless you all. I really
appreciate you coming out. Remember, put
a smile on your face. Do they have
anything else? Is that it? That's good.
Yeah, they're talking about the
earthquake hit Russia.
Remember, put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves
you so much and we love you. God bless
you all abundantly today. Have a
wonderful day. Thank you for joining us.